the pharmaceutical and molecular
biotechnology research centre was
established in 2008 here in Wi T it
occupies approximately 700 square meters
of research space and today aged as
approximately 25 staff involved in the
center the purpose of the pharmaceutical
Malaysia biotechnology research center
was a factory there was three key
strands that we were trying to support
in the center one was to support
innovation in the southeast in terms of
multinational companies say for example
and SMEs secondly was to support
postgraduate training at master's and
PhD level and thirdly was to develop and
support training and partnerships with
EU organisations both companies and
third level organisations as well
collaboration with industry is a
significant proportion of the work that
we do here in the PM BRC at the projects
that we do range from small one of
contract analysis and quantity
investigations right up to development
of new products and new technologies
which are obviously more extensive
collaborations the companies we work
with tend to be in the pharmaceutical
and healthcare and medical device
industries searching the PMB our C can
be broken down into four areas our drug
delivery research is aimed at delivering
drugs more effectively to target sites
within the body with the aim of
improving the therapeutic benefit to the
patient and minimizing the peasant
side-effects that some drugs can have on
the patient our biomedical research we
are looking at new biomarkers which can
be used the early diagnosis of certain
diseases such as cancers of
cardiovascular disease our
pharmaceutical analysis research into P
and B or C we're looking at separation
science and analytical separations and
also using our characterization
technologies to characterize drugs and
except in
and relation to those properties to the
performance of the drug on a
manufacturing process or the efficacy of
the final product itself finally our
research in molecular biotechnology and
we're looking at novel enzymes which can
be used in the selected synthesis of
certain organic molecules which can
ultimately be used in the synthesis of
drug molecules the pharmaceutical
molecular biotechnology Research Center
one of the reasons for setting it up in
the first place was to support high-end
jobs in the Southeast region and we've
achieved that in two ways one is through
the funding of projects with industry
and the knock-on effects those projects
have in industry but at the centre
itself then employs approximately 25
staff I joined the PM BRC in order to
continue my work in the development of
smart materials for analytical
applications and sensing devices and
being focused on applied research the
center offers my full support for
patenting and commercializing my work
which would be crucial for the
development of my future career national
and international academic contacts and
sir continuous interaction with experts
from various disciplines and make
working at the PMB RCR very rewarding
experience the key one the key emphasis
of the Center is both applied research
and basic research and those graduates
are in in demand and in need in the
Southeast region with a large number of
those graduates that we have had in the
past from the center going on on to work
in two large green multinationals in
Southeast Region as well initio was
funded through at the enterprise ireland
applied research enhancement scheme so
it was one of I think 13 centers of
excellence ours being one of the only
ones which dealt specifically with they
say the pharmaceutical sector that
funding has been supported since then by
a number of other funding strands some
of the was involved direct funding from
industry others are applied research
funded projects to enterprise Ireland
and industry as a partnership and then
we have others which involve EU funding
which has been our key focus in the last
two years of the Center
there's been a significant investment in
laboratory equipment in the PMB our CEO
for the last number of years and
importantly just been a part an
investment into human capital within the
center and this human capital and this
equipment is now expose and offer
industry partners and academic partners